Update regions.md (#124)
NetherGamesMC/support: docs/regions.md

# NetherGames Regions

::: info PLEASE NOTE
We've changed na.nethergames.org to us.nethergames.org as it better fits the region's purpose of providing a better connection to those in the United States.
:::

At NetherGames, we pride ourselves on different regions for our players to play our server in. We are willing to provide a list of regions from different locations worldwide to connect to. While there might not be a region in your country to you, but you can try connecting to the nearest region. Below are some regions we support as of 18 May 2024:

### How to Connect

1.  Open Minecraft.
2.  Go to the "Servers" tab and create a new server.

> 3.  Enter the IP address for your desired region from the list below.

Author: so 
```suggestion
3.  Enter `play.nethergames.org` into the Server Address field, or choose a regional IP from the list below.
```
